---
tags:
  - DaycareIQ
  - KidGenius
  - Web app
  - child care
  - daycare
title: Sharing Some Number
description:  We want you share with you how many naps, toilet breaks, meals and photos we've collected and shared with parents!
published: true
author: cp
---
We want to share some stats on how many items have been collected by the childcare centres we work with!  Whether it is a nap, meal, photo or just a simple note, these items get shared with parents.  We hope these make parents feel more included and informed about how their childs day has been!



- <h3>Our customers have shared over 2,000 photos with parents!  </h3>

- <h3> KidGenius has been used to check in children almost 10,000 times!  </h3>

- <h3> 839 activities have been shared with parents!  </h3>

- <h3> 1,318 notes have been written by staff members!  </h3>

- <h3> 282 items, like diapers or wipes have been requested of parents!  </h3>

- <h3> 5,181 meals have been entered in KidGenius!  </h3>

- <h3> Almost 2000 shifts by staff have been recorded in KidGenius!  </h3>

- <h3> Naps are important, that's why nearly 2400 naps have been tracked using KidGenius!  </h3>

- <h3> 6,119 potty breaks have been recorded!  That's a lot of pee!  </h3>

We are so proud of these numbers because everyone one of those items becomes available to parents through the daily report card or by logging into their account.  Our goal at KidGenius is to help bridge the communication between childcare provider and parent.  By collecting thousands and thousands of items, we believe we are doing a good job.  But let us know - what can we do to help you communicate better with parents?  Email me at [Craig@DaycareIQ.com](mailto:craig@daycareiq.com) - I'd love to hear from you.
